[Service Bus] Use processor in the readme (#17386)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/README.md

#### Receive messages from a session

Receivers can fetch messages from a specific session or the first available, unlocked session.
Receiving messages from sessions is similar to receiving messages from a non session enabled queue or subscription. The difference is in the builder and the class you use.

<!-- embedme ./src/samples/java/com/azure/messaging/servicebus/ReadmeSamples.java#L175-L181 -->

> ```java

Reviewer: I can include the code snippet here for creating the session processor in a separate PR if you don't have the sample for it.

Author: Yes please! Lets do that in a follow up PR or if you have it handy, please push to my branch.

> In non session case, you would use the `ServiceBusProcessorClient` by using the sub builder `processor()`. In case of sessions, you would use the `ServiceBusSessionProcessorClient` by using the sub builder `sessionProcessor()`. You can pass the maximum number of sessions you want the processor to process concurrently as well.

Reviewer: Both session and non-session builders will create the same processor client type instance.

```suggestion
In non-session case, you would use the sub builder `processor()`. In case of sessions, you would use the sub builder `sessionProcessor()`. Both sub builders will create an instance of `ServiceBusProcessorClient` configured to work on a session or a non-session Service Bus entity. In the case of the session processor, you can pass the maximum number of sessions you want the processor to process concurrently as well.
```
